# iPhone XR Sentiment Analysis
# Abstract
My main research question for this project is: does vectorizing our dataset improve the performance of a naïve bayes classifier model? The dataset that I chose contains all iPhone XR reviews from Amazon, and I analyzed this dataset by using a naïve bayes classifier to predict review ratings based on the text of each review. I also used vectorization to improve the model’s accuracy. In particular, the vectorization techniques I used include TF-IDF and bag-of-words. The accuracy of the naïve bayes model without vectorization is around 73.65 percent. This means that the accuracy of this model is very useful in terms of real-world application because most models tend to be only around 50 percent accurate. The accuracy of the model with TF-IDF is around 73.45 percent. This means that the model’s performance didn’t improve at all, and that the performance of the model decreased after using TF-IDF. The accuracy of the model with bag-of-words is around 76%. This means that the model’s accuracy increased and that using bag-of-words was very useful in improving our model. In conclusion, using bag-of-words proved to be more useful than using TF-IDF due to the differences in how each vectorization method works. However, using bag-of-words only improved the performance of the model by around 2.35 percent, which is still statistically significant in terms of real-world application. This also means that using more vectorization methods is advisable such as using transformations on the dataset. Finally, the goal of this project is to teach people why using naïve bayes classifiers and vectorization is very important in the real world.
# Introduction
The dataset that I chose for this project contains a list of more than 30,000 Amazon reviews on the iPhone XR from Kaggle.com. The main motivation behind my research question is that I wanted to learn the basics on how to use popular NLP techniques such as naive Bayes classifiers on certain datasets. In addition, I chose this particular dataset because I wanted to learn how businesses create predictive models and how they interpret them to further improve their products. Finally, the importance of this project is to not only practice popular NLP skills, but to also give people (especially those who don’t have a data science background) an idea of how businesses use predictive models for certain products. It will also give people an idea on how businesses improve their predictive models. 
